# inkySystems Resources
Assets and documentation for relevant information about inkySystems and its
projects.

> **Note:** Though this document is written in the present tense, it is to be
> interpreted as if it is in the future tense. The information written herein is
> purely planned only, and has not been put into action.

inkySystems is a group dedicated to creating low-cost, energy-efficient devices
which use e-ink technology to provide an environmentally-friendly computing
experience.

## Products
### inkyCom
At the core of inkySystems, the inkyCom is a portable computer which uses a
Raspberry Pi Compute Module 4 board to provide a powerful experience. The
inkyCom is a computer that is ready to go anywhere, backed by its 3,000 mAh
rechargeable and replaceable battery which can last for months on a single
charge.

A compact QWERTY keyboard situated below the display enables an easy typing
experience which is suited for a whole range of purposes â”€ from writing to
programming; and the 3.7-inch 4-tone display can show high-resolution monochrome
images on the 480x280 e-ink matrix. All of which can happen thanks to the very
low energy consumption of the display meaning you can read text without ever
being interrupted by a screensaver.

The inkyCom is also equipped with a radio module which can pick up NB-IoT, eMTC,
EDGE, GPRS and GNSS signals for on-the-go connectivity in Europe, Africa,
Australia and Southeast Asia. This also provides GPS GNSS positioning support,
meaning your geolocation can be determined and maps of the surrounding area can
be displayed. For all other connections, the inkyCom supports Wi-Fi and
Bluetooth.

### inkyOS
Our custom-built operating system is designed exclusively for the inkyCom, and
is based on Linux. Write notes, send emails and browse the web on a lightweight
operating system designed for efficient power consumption. inkyOS also has an
app store, as well as a terminal to launch Linux applications.

## Getting involved
inkySystems is open-source and transparent about its actions. We believe that
community is key to developing sustainable products which everyone loves. Go
ahead and submit issues and pull requests on our relevant repositories!
